---
title: WEBAPPBOOST
price: 150
demo: https://webappboost-pro.vercel.app
download: https://webappboost.com
author: Ilya Gru
author_link: https://ilyagru.com
date: 2023-05-07T00:00:00.000Z
description: >-
  Minimalistic yet powerful Next.js monorepo boilerplate with all the latest tech preconfigured. Build your next SaaS project, save weeks of work and launch what your customers will love.
ssg:
  - Nextjs

css:
  - Tailwind
  - PostCSS

cms:
  - Sanity

category:
  - Blog
  - Boilerplate
  - Saas
  - Dashboard

draft: false
---

## Key Features

- Superfast - Preconfigured TypeScript monorepo project using truly best in class Next.js and Turborepo, following modular structure.

- Styles & Dark Mode - Accessible mobile-friendly component library using Radix UI and shadcn/ui, TailwindCSS, automatic Dark Mode, lucide icons and pre-made landing page sections.

- SEO - SEO-friendly and PWA-ready, inclduing meta tags, autogenerated RSS, robots.txt and sitemap.xml, favicons and icons.

- Authentication - User authentication with next-auth, including login, signup, signout, reset password flows, email confirmation, two-factor, user roles, protected pages/APIs, magic links and saving users to database.

- Database - Battle tested and flexible Prisma ORM with MongoDB integration allows to shape your data quickly. Quickly replace with any other database if needed.

- Blog & CMS - Integrated Blog pages and CMS using Sanity which also comes with fully-customisable studio for content creators. No .md files moving around.

- AI - OpenAI is integrated using Vercel AI. Build your next amazing AI tool. Quickly replace with any other AI prodiver if needed.

- Emails - Send transactional and marketing emails using SendGrid and react-email's embedded visual editor. Subscribe your audience to a newsletter. Replace SendGrid with any other provider if needed.

- Payments - Tier-based subscriptions and payments are supported using industry-leading Stripe.

- Analytics - Google Tag Manager is there out of the box and it is easy to connect any other analytics tools.

- Internationalisation - Next-intl is connected to easily localise the app into many languages.

- Dev Tools - All the dev tools for linting, formatting and testing are set up for you: ESLint with the Airbnb config guide, Secretlint, commitlint, Jest, lint-staged and Prettier.

- Support - A no-sweat tutorial is there. I am also available for any questions you might have regarding setup and development.
